c:\users\lynn\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lynn\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.Form1.resources
c:\users\lynn\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lynn\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\lynn\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\lynn\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
c:\users\lynn\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe
c:\users\lynn\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
c:\users\lynn\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.exe
c:\users\lynn\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Plural\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
C:\Users\Plural\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Plural\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Plural\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Plural\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Plural\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Plural\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Plural\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Plural\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Plural\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
E:\SteamCraft-Main\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
E:\SteamCraft-Main\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.exe
E:\SteamCraft-Main\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.pdb
E:\SteamCraft-Main\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe
E:\SteamCraft-Main\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
E:\SteamCraft-Main\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\SteamCraft-Main\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.Form1.resources
E:\SteamCraft-Main\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\SteamCraft-Main\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
E:\SteamCraft-Main\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\SteamCraft\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
C:\SteamCraft\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.exe
C:\SteamCraft\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\SteamCraft\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe
C:\SteamCraft\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\SteamCraft\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\SteamCraft\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.Form1.resources
C:\SteamCraft\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\Login.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\SteamCraft\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\SteamCraft\Login\Login\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
